Package: Honor specified versions (#495)
pulp/pulp_installer: roles/pulp_common/README.md

  installer will fix it.)
  Defaults to `false`.

Role Variables for advanced usage
---------------------------------

> * `pulp_version`: Specify a specific version of pulp one would like to use. By default the installer
>    will do the right thing. It is strongly advised against using unless one knows what she is doing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pulp_version`: Specify a specific version of pulpcore one would like to install or upgrade to.
   By default the installer will do the right thing by using the version of pulpcore it is
   designed for and tested with. It is strongly advised against setting unless one knows what
   she is doing.
```

Author: Done.

  installer will fix it.)
  Defaults to `false`.

Role Variables for advanced usage
---------------------------------

> * `pulp_version`: Specify a specific version of pulpcore one would like to install or upgrade to.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should call it `pulpcore_version`.
We should be able to rename it today, since it was never advertised before.

Author: This would be a backward incompatible change. `pulp_version` is already present before this PR and hence user might be leveraging it. While I agree it would make more sense, (maybe going to a deprecation period) - I don't think this should happen as part of this PR.

Reviewer 2: Changing things that are not part of an official interface is the privilege of upstream.
This variable was even described as "intentionally not advertised".

Author: @mikedep333 @fao89 @dkliban what are your thoughts on that one ?

Reviewer: Yeah, I am in favor of renaming it to `pulpcore_version`.

   By default the installer will do the right thing by using the version of pulpcore it is designed

>    for and tested with. It is strongly advised against setting unless one knows whats he is doing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   for and tested with. It is strongly advised against setting unless one knows what one is doing.
```
I'd also be ok with
```suggestion
   for and tested with. It is strongly advised against setting.
```
Or a more general statement/warning like "The use of these variables requires a profound knowledge of the installer."

Author: Done.
